this on another nutso day here in the
United States but when it Ukraine's it
pours and I don't know about you but I
am soaking wet right now so here's
what's going on one day after the
Speaker of the House started a formal
impeachment inquiry into the actions of
our Orange Julius Caesar the White House
fired back this morning they countered
with a summarised transcript of Trump's
now-infamous call with the president of
Ukraine and what a transcript this was
it was like this is like if AJ told
Chris Darden hey you found my glove I
assume you know the story but the short
version is a whistleblower came forward
because he or she believed the president
pressured the leader of Ukraine to look
for dirt on Joe Biden's son and we
learned from the transcript also to find
Hillary Clinton's emails is what the
whistleblower said happens Trump said
that did not happen and released the
transcript that said it did happen he
did both of those things but multiple
times and abused the office of both the
president and the Attorney General he
clearly only had one reason for making
this call and that was to strongly
encourage President zalenski
to find information that could hurt
Trump's opponents and help his campaign
that is the conclusion any reasonable
person who reads this would draw but the
president has repeatedly claimed that
the call in question was perfect
absolutely perfect that car was a great
Co is a perfect car
[Music]
the conversation by the way it was a
totally appropriate conversation it was
actually a beautiful conversation it was
a very innocent call we had a very nice
call but it's a great call it's a very
honorable call it's a nice call by the
way the conversation was absolutely
perfect absolutely appropriate was a
perfect conversation everything we said
on that call was perfect there was a
very very fine conversation it was an
absolutely perfect conversation but what
I said was so it was a great
conversation it was a really great
conversation everybody will say that
he's right it was pretty great it was a
perfect phonecall pleasantries were
exchanged friendships were built crimes
were committed
I have no notes I gave him five stars
and he seems to have no idea of how bad
it is who would have guessed that
Vladimir Solinsky would be his Monica
Lewinsky I mean it really is only this
time the president was on the defensive
today lashing out at the media and
claiming he didn't pressure anybody to
do anything there was no pressure the
way you had that built up that call it
was going to be the call from hell it
turned out to be a nothing call other
than a lot of people said I never knew
you could be so nice he really thinks
we're idiots and by the way he's right
we are we are idiots who elected an
idiot to run this transcript was very
clearly
thinly-veiled extortion attempt
Republicans in Washington they spent the
morning diving under their desk like it
was an earthquake drill they keep saying
look at the transcript there's no quid
pro quo
maybe there's no pro quo there's a hell
of a quid there's a big old quid after
putting hold on millions of dollars in
aid money Trump told the president of
another country to look into Joe Biden
and his son and said whatever you can do
it's very important that you do it or
else what nothing
I mean how else are you supposed to read
that but people like Lindsey Graham are
arguing that this transcript exonerates
Trump he called it a nothing burger
which made the president happy and
hungry and by the way when he hears
someone call something a nothing burger
you could be damn sure there's something
in that burger here's the thing this
Donald Trump he cannot help himself he's
been doing business like this forever
he's a sneaky ham-handed racketeer who
cheats and cheats and cheats in every
situation I was like it's who he is
shaking people down is what he does he
doesn't know how to do anything else
he thinks he's Tony Soprano and in a lot
of ways he is thirty soprano they're
both overweight mouth-breathers who are
disappointed with their sons but 26 I
know Tony Soprano knew when his
conversations were being recorded and
that he should avoid saying illegal
things if Tony Soprano ran the mob like
this
he wouldn't made it past episode three
but Trump the way I see it there are two
possibilities here either Donald Trump
knows what he's doing is wrong and does
it anyway or he doesn't know what he's
doing is wrong which i think might be
worse I think he wants to admit he
colluded with a foreign powder power
he's proud of it he doesn't understand
what all the commotion is about he would
do it again he's Jack Nicholson and a
few good men only in this story there
are no good men it's too bad man this
was incredible too this goes into
everything we do we screw up categories
so shortly after the White House
released the transcript they sent out
these talking points that they want
Republican Congress people to use when
they're interviewed on the news to
defend the president but unfortunately
for them is
that are just sending it to the
Republicans in Congress they sent them
to the Democrats in Congress too and
then tried to recall the email which is
always works really hey guys you mind
sending those back without reading them
we two of the talking points actually
suggested that Republicans this is from
the White House they said put blame on
the deep state which I mean at this
point why not just say two per coppers
force the President to do this
everything is lies the only true thing
Donald Trump represent was he could
stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and
shoot someone and he wouldn't lose any
voters at the time I thought that was a
ridiculous statement but now I think I
think he's right Trump pulled out a gun
and fired point-blank at like that naked
cowboy who walks around Times Square
with a guitar Lindsey Graham would say
great shot Kevin McCarthy would say
reminds me of John Wayne and Mike Pence
would say giddyup we're going for in the
world is that Joe Biden is here tonight
we will get his first
as this losses breaking Trump held a
very very low energy press conference
this afternoon the press was asking
questions of the president of Ukraine
and he said no pressure
I used the word pressure I think he used
the word push but he meant pressure but
it's the same thing no push no pressure
no nothing it's all a hoax folks it's
all a big hoax I haven't seen him this
sad since they threw him out of the
dressing room at Miss Teen USA he was
very concerned about this or the edibles
kicked in at the wrong time because he
rambled on about a hundred different
subjects the wall Hillary the stock
market Poland he complained that he used
to be he said I used to be the king of
good press and it all changed when I
started running for president yeah
because instead of just being a
ridiculous person we all have to you
became a ridiculous person who has the
nuclear codes so Trump also trotted out
the guy on the other end of the call the
president of Ukraine who fortunately for
him happen to be in town for meetings at
the UN that we had I think good phone
call it was normal we spoke about many
things and I so I think and you are
ready that nobody push it push me
[Applause]
you heard it from the hostages mouth
there was no present at the center of
all this drama is the president's
personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani he's the
one who actually went to Ukraine to get
the dirt he needs dirt to keep the lid
of his coffin moist Giuliani doubled
down on his assertion that the State
Department sent him to Ukraine even
though the State Department's this week
specifically denied that they did and
lost his temper in the usually very
friendly confines of Fox News okay I'm
gonna bring Rudy back in Rudy you've
been listening to this conversation I'd
like to say mr. Han I should sue you for
libel because he irresponsible choice
yeah well you actually usually say
incredibly stupid thing you're a public
figure yeah and by the way do you have
any idea that the state of calm and
stable people to help them through this
some members of Congress today got to
read the whistleblowers complaint and
after reading it Chuck Schumer said he's
now even more worried about what
happened Eric's wall well his Democrat
said this is a five-alarm concern even
Ben Sasse a Republican said Republicans
ought not to be rushing to circle the
wagons and say there's no there there
when there's obviously a lot that's very
troubling there what if the
whistleblower and just go with me on
this what if the whistleblower shows up
tomorrow morning at 6:00 a.m. turns out
to be Mike Pence wouldn't that be the
best I've had enough of your abuse
Donald get your stuff mother and I are
moving into the White House
that's that thanks for watching if you
liked that video click the subscribe
button and if you didn't like it will
you hurt my feelings